# Terms of Service

By using the getcloudapp.com, my.cl.ly, and cl.ly web sites ("Service"), or any
services of Linebreak S.L. ("Linebreak"), you are agreeing to be bound by the
following terms and conditions ("Terms of Service").

IF YOU ARE ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF A COMPANY OR OTHER LEGAL
ENTITY, YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU HAVE THE AUTHORITY TO BIND SUCH ENTITY, ITS
AFFILIATES AND ALL USERS WHO ACCESS OUR SERVICES THROUGH YOUR ACCOUNT TO THESE
TERMS AND CONDITIONS, IN WHICH CASE THE TERMS "YOU" OR "YOUR" SHALL REFER TO
SUCH ENTITY, ITS AFFILIATES AND USERS ASSOCIATED WITH IT. IF YOU DO NOT HAVE
SUCH AUTHORITY, OR IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, YOU MUST
NOT ACCEPT THIS AGREEMENT AND MAY NOT USE THE SERVICES.

Linebreak reserves the right to update and change the Terms of Service from time
to time without notice. Any new features that augment or enhance the current
Service, including the release of new tools and resources, shall be subject to
the Terms of Service. Continued use of the Service after any such changes shall
constitute your consent to such changes. You can review the most current version
of the Terms of Service at any time at: http://www.getcloudapp.com/terms

Violation of any of the terms below will result in the termination of your
Account. While Linebreak prohibits such conduct and Content on the Service, you
understand and agree that Linebreak cannot be responsible for the Content posted
on the Service and you nonetheless may be exposed to such materials. You agree
to use the Service at your own risk.

## A. Account Terms

* You must be 13 years or older to use this Service.

* You must be a human. Accounts registered by "bots" or other automated methods
  are not permitted.

* You must provide your legal full name, a valid email address, and any other
  information requested in order to complete the signup process.

* Your login may only be used by one person - a single login shared by multiple
  people is not permitted. You may create separate logins for as many people as
  your plan allows.

* You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and password.
  Linebreak cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage from your
  failure to comply with this security obligation.

* You are responsible for all Content posted and activity that occurs under your
  account (even when Content is posted by others who have accounts under your
  account).

* One person or legal entity may not maintain more than one free account.

* You may not use the Service for any illegal or unauthorized purpose. You must
  not, in the use of the Service, violate any laws in your jurisdiction
  (including but not limited to copyright or trademark laws).

## B. API Terms

Customers may access their CloudApp account data via an API (Application Program
Interface). Any use of the API, including use of the API through a third-party
product that accesses CloudApp, is bound by these Terms of Service plus the
following specific terms:

* You expressly understand and agree that Linebreak shall not be liable for any
  direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages,
  including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data
  or other intangible losses (even if Linebreak has been advised of the
  possibility of such damages), resulting from your use of the API or third-
  party products that access data via the API.

* Abuse or excessively frequent requests to CloudApp via the API may result in
  the temporary or permanent suspension of your account's access to the API.
  Linebreak, in its sole discretion, will determine abuse or excessive usage of
  the API. Linebreak will make a reasonable attempt via email to warn the account
  owner prior to suspension.

* Linebreak reserves the right at any time to modify or discontinue, temporarily
  or permanently, your access to the API (or any part thereof) with or without
  notice.

## C. Payment, Refunds, Upgrading and Downgrading Terms

* All paid plans must enter a valid credit card. Free accounts are not required
  to provide a credit card number.

* An upgrade from the free plan to any paying plan will immediately bill you.

* The Service is billed in advance on a monthly basis and is non-refundable.
  There will be no refunds or credits for partial months of service,
  upgrade/downgrade refunds, or refunds for months unused with an open account.
  In order to treat everyone equally, no exceptions will be made.

* All fees are exclusive of all taxes, levies, or duties imposed by taxing
  authorities, and you shall be responsible for payment of all such taxes,
  levies, or duties, excluding only Spanish (federal or state) taxes.

* For any upgrade or downgrade in plan level, your credit card that you provided
  will automatically be charged the new rate on your next billing cycle.

* Downgrading your Service may cause the loss of Content, features, or capacity of
  your Account. Linebreak does not accept any liability for such loss.

## D. Cancellation and Termination

* You are solely responsible for properly canceling your account. An email or
  phone request to cancel your account is not considered cancellation. You can
  cancel your account at any time by visiting http://my.cl.ly/account/delete. The
  screen provides a simple no questions asked cancellation link.

* All of your Content will be immediately deleted from the Service upon
  cancellation. This information can not be recovered once your account is
  cancelled.

* If you cancel the Service before the end of your current paid up month, your
  cancellation will take effect immediately and you will not be charged again.

* Linebreak, in its sole discretion, has the right to suspend or terminate your
  account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Service, or any
  other Linebreak service, for any reason at any time. Such termination of the
  Service will result in the deactivation or deletion of your Account or your
  access to your Account, and the forfeiture and relinquishment of all Content in
  your Account. Linebreak reserves the right to refuse service to anyone for any
  reason at any time.

## E. Modifications to the Service and Prices

* Linebreak reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or
  discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Service (or any part thereof)
  with or without notice.

* Prices of all Services, including but not limited to monthly subscription plan
  fees to the Service, are subject to change upon 30 days notice from us. Such
  notice may be provided at any time by posting the changes to the CloudApp Site
  (http://www.getcloudapp.com) or the Service itself.

* Linebreak shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any
  modification, price change, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.

## F. Copyright and Content Ownership

* We claim no intellectual property rights over the material you provide to the
  Service. Your profile and materials uploaded remain yours. However, by setting
  your Content to be viewed publicly, you agree to allow others to view your
  Content.

* Linebreak does not pre-screen Content, but Linebreak and its designee have the
  right (but not the obligation) in their sole discretion to refuse or remove any
  Content that is available via the Service.

* You shall defend Linebreak against any claim, demand, suit or proceeding made
  or brought against Linebreak by a third party alleging that Your Content, or
  Your use of the Service in violation of this Agreement, infringes or
  misappropriates the intellectual property rights of a third party or violates
  applicable law, and shall indemnify Linebreak for any damages finally awarded
  against, and for reasonable attorney’s fees incurred by, Linebreak in connection
  with any such claim, demand, suit or proceeding; provided, that Linebreak (a)
  promptly gives You written notice of the claim, demand, suit or proceeding; (b)
  gives You sole control of the defense and settlement of the claim, demand, suit
  or proceeding (provided that You may not settle any claim, demand, suit or
  proceeding unless the settlement unconditionally releases Linebreak of all
  liability); and (c) provides to You all reasonable assistance, at Your expense.

* The look and feel of the Service is copyright ©2010 Linebreak SL. All rights
  reserved. You may not duplicate, copy, or reuse any portion of the HTML/CSS,
  Javascript, or visual design elements or concepts without express written
  permission from Linebreak.

## G. General Conditions

* Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The service is provided on an
  "as is" and "as available" basis. Technical support is only provided to paying
  account holders and is only available via email. You understand that Linebreak
  uses third party vendors and hosting partners to provide the necessary hardware,
  software, networking, storage, and related technology required to run the
  Service.

* You must not modify, adapt or hack the Service or modify another website so as
  to falsely imply that it is associated with the Service, Linebreak, or any other
  Linebreak service.

* You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any
  portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service without
  the express written permission by Linebreak.

* We may, but have no obligation to, remove Content and Accounts containing
  Content that we determine in our sole discretion are unlawful, offensive,
  threatening, libelous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene or otherwise
  objectionable or violates any party's intellectual property or these Terms of
  Service.

* Verbal, physical, written or other abuse (including threats of abuse or
  retribution) of any Linebreak customer, employee, member, or officer will
  result in immediate account termination.

* You understand that the technical processing and transmission of the Service,
  including your Content, may be transferred unencrypted and involve (a)
  transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to
  technical requirements of connecting networks or devices.

* You must not upload, post, host, or transmit unsolicited email, SMSs, or
  "spam" messages.

* You must not transmit any worms or viruses or any code of a destructive nature.

* If your bandwidth usage significantly exceeds the average bandwidth usage (as
  determined solely by Linebreak) of other Linebreak customers, we reserve the
  right to immediately disable your account or throttle your file hosting until
  you can reduce your bandwidth consumption.

Linebreak does not warrant that (i) the service will meet your specific
requirements, (ii) the service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-
free, (iii) the results that may be obtained from the use of the service will be
accurate or reliable, (iv) the quality of any products, services, information,
or other material purchased or obtained by you through the service will meet
your expectations, and (v) any errors in the Service will be corrected.

You expressly understand and agree that Linebreak shall not be liable for any
direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages,
including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data
or other intangible losses (even if Linebreak has been advised of the
possibility of such damages), resulting from: (i) the use or the inability to
use the service; (ii) the cost of procurement of substitute goods and services
resulting from any goods, data, information or services purchased or obtained or
messages received or transactions entered into through or from the service;
(iii) unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data; (iv)
statements or conduct of any third party on the service; (v) or any other matter
relating to the service.

The failure of Linebreak to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the
Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. The
Terms of Service constitutes the entire agreement between you and Linebreak and
govern your use of the Service, superseding any prior agreements between you and
Linebreak (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of the Terms of
Service). You agree that these Terms of Service and Your use of the Service are
governed under Spanish law.

Questions about the Terms of Service should be sent to
[support@getcloudapp.com](mailto:support@getcloudapp.com).
